#labels Featured
=Instructions=

Unpack the ZIP file and open the project file (.pjt) with *PIC-C IDE from CCS C compiler* (https://www.ccsinfo.com/content.php?page=compilers).
Note that nanoFAT library was created with CCS C compiler version 4.038. It should work with other versions, but my experience says that you can encounter some problems. So, install version 4.038 if you want to make sure it will work.

=Simulation=
nanoFAT library comes with a ProteusVSM project for simulation. Using this simulation project you can see the library working in a very simple PIC18F2550 circuit.
_It's VERY important to decompress the *image.rar* file in order to use the simulation as it contains a raw 128MB FAT32 image used by the simulator._

=Support=
The library is provided AS IS with no warranties and no support at all. Anyway, if you have questions you can mail me at andyolivares@gmail.com. I'll try to answer as soon as possible. Also, if you found a bug, please report it using the official bug reporting channels. That is, using the Issue tracker.
You will be helping to improve the library.

----

=Instrucciones=

Descomprime el archivo ZIP y abre el archivo de proyecto (.pjt) con el *PIC-C IDE del compilador CCS C* (https://www.ccsinfo.com/content.php?page=compilers).
Notar que la librería nanoFAT fue creada con la versión 4.038 del compilador CCS C. Debería funcionar con otras versiones pero la experiencia dice que podrías encontrar algunos problemas. Así que instala la version 4.038 si quieres asegurarte de que funcionará.

=Simulación=
La librería nanoFAT viene con un proyecto de ProteusVSM para simulación. Usando este proyecto de simulación se puede ver la librería en funcionamiento en un circuito simple basado en un PIC18F2550.
_Es MUY importante descomprimir el archivo *image.rar* para utilizar la simulación ya que contiene una imagen FAT32 de 128MB usada por el simulador._

=Soporte=
La librería se entrega TAL CUAL sin ninguna garantía y sin ningún soporte. De todos modos, si tienes alguna duda o consulta puedes escribirme a andyolivares@gmail.com. Trataré de contestar tan pronto como pueda. Además, si encuentras algún error, por favor utiliza los canales de reporte de errores oficiales. Esto es, el Issue tracker.
Estarás contrinuyendo a mejorar la librería.